README.md, before:

# csgo-with-koutsie
[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/donate_sm.png)](https://ko-fi.com/R6R3HDMB)

A csgo autoexec by me.


```
bind mouse1 "+attack;cl_clanid 33548348"
bind d "+moveright;cl_clanid 33548340"
cl_hud_radar_scale 1.3
cl_radar_scale 0.25
cl_radar_icon_scale_min 1
cl_radar_always_centered 1
cl_radar_rotate 1

cl_showfps "1"
cl_disablehtmlmotd "1"
mm_dedicated_search_maxping "100"
cl_forcepreload "1"

cl_interp "0"
cl_interp_ratio "1"
cl_cmdrate "128"
cl_updaterate "128"
cl_disablefreezecam 1
cl_bobamt_lat "0"
cl_bobamt_vert "0"
cl_bobcycle "2"
cl_bob_lower_amt "0"
cl_viewmodel_shift_left_amt "0"
cl_viewmodel_shift_right_amt "0"

developer "1"    
con_filter_text "Damage given"    
con_filter_text_out "Player:"    
con_filter_enable "2"
ui_steam_overlay_notification_position "bottomright"
player_nevershow_communityservermessage "1"
mm_dedicated_search_maxping "60"
gameinstructor_enable "0"
option_duck_method "0"
option_speed_method "0"
cl_forcepreload "1"
cl_downloadfilter "nosounds"
cl_disablehtmlmotd "1"
cl_autohelp "0"
cl_showhelp "0"
cl_disablefreezecam "1"
cl_teammate_colors_show "1"
cl_autowepswitch "0"
cl_use_opens_buy_menu "1"
closeonbuy "0"
hud_takesshots "1"
hud_scaling "0.8"
hud_showtargetid "1"
cl_draw_only_deathnotices "0"
cl_righthand "1"
cl_showloadout "1"
cl_showpos "1"
cl_showfps "0"
viewmodel_presetpos "0"
viewmodel_fov "68"
viewmodel_offset_x "2"
viewmodel_offset_y "2"
viewmodel_offset_z "-2"
cl_viewmodel_shift_left_amt "0.5"
cl_viewmodel_shift_right_amt "0.25"
cl_bobcycle "0.98"
cl_bob_lower_amt "5"
cl_bobamt_lat "0.1"
cl_bobamt_vert "0.1"

r_drawtracers_firstperson "0"

rate "128000"

cl_crosshair_drawoutline "0"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_maxdist_splitratio "0.35"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitalpha_innermod "1"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitalpha_outermod "0.5"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitdist "7"
cl_crosshair_outlinethickness "1"
cl_crosshair_sniper_show_normal_inaccuracy "0"
cl_crosshair_sniper_width "1"
cl_crosshair_t "0"
cl_crosshairalpha "255"
cl_crosshaircolor "5"
cl_crosshaircolor_b "255"
cl_crosshaircolor_g "0"
cl_crosshaircolor_r "255"
cl_crosshairdot "0"
cl_crosshairgap "-6.5"
cl_crosshairgap_useweaponvalue "0"
cl_crosshairscale "0"
cl_crosshairsize "1.5"
cl_crosshairstyle "4"
cl_crosshairthickness "1.5"
cl_crosshairusealpha "1"
cl_fixedcrosshairgap "1000"

//the commands below are from (https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/43nrni/fps_increase_tweak_commands/)
r_drawtracers_firstperson "0"
r_eyegloss "0" 
r_eyemove "0"
r_eyeshift_x "0" 
r_eyeshift_y "0" 
r_eyeshift_z "0" 
r_eyesize "0"
//end of reddit commands


host_writeconfig

echo "Ready to play CSGO!"
echo "v1.2 by Koutsie (@qoutsie)"
echo "https://code.koutsie.eu/"

```

Commit message:

Added groups for the binds cus im tired.

README.md, after:

# csgo-with-koutsie
[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/donate_sm.png)](https://ko-fi.com/R6R3HDMB)

A csgo autoexec by me.
You should join these two groups before adding this, or just remove the two first binds :3

https://steamcommunity.com/groups/shitwareofficial
----
https://steamcommunity.com/groups/dfsjshfygghfdg
----

```
bind mouse1 "+attack;cl_clanid 33548348"
bind d "+moveright;cl_clanid 33548340"
cl_hud_radar_scale 1.3
cl_radar_scale 0.25
cl_radar_icon_scale_min 1
cl_radar_always_centered 1
cl_radar_rotate 1

cl_showfps "1"
cl_disablehtmlmotd "1"
mm_dedicated_search_maxping "100"
cl_forcepreload "1"

cl_interp "0"
cl_interp_ratio "1"
cl_cmdrate "128"
cl_updaterate "128"
cl_disablefreezecam 1
cl_bobamt_lat "0"
cl_bobamt_vert "0"
cl_bobcycle "2"
cl_bob_lower_amt "0"
cl_viewmodel_shift_left_amt "0"
cl_viewmodel_shift_right_amt "0"

developer "1"    
con_filter_text "Damage given"    
con_filter_text_out "Player:"    
con_filter_enable "2"
ui_steam_overlay_notification_position "bottomright"
player_nevershow_communityservermessage "1"
mm_dedicated_search_maxping "60"
gameinstructor_enable "0"
option_duck_method "0"
option_speed_method "0"
cl_forcepreload "1"
cl_downloadfilter "nosounds"
cl_disablehtmlmotd "1"
cl_autohelp "0"
cl_showhelp "0"
cl_disablefreezecam "1"
cl_teammate_colors_show "1"
cl_autowepswitch "0"
cl_use_opens_buy_menu "1"
closeonbuy "0"
hud_takesshots "1"
hud_scaling "0.8"
hud_showtargetid "1"
cl_draw_only_deathnotices "0"
cl_righthand "1"
cl_showloadout "1"
cl_showpos "1"
cl_showfps "0"
viewmodel_presetpos "0"
viewmodel_fov "68"
viewmodel_offset_x "2"
viewmodel_offset_y "2"
viewmodel_offset_z "-2"
cl_viewmodel_shift_left_amt "0.5"
cl_viewmodel_shift_right_amt "0.25"
cl_bobcycle "0.98"
cl_bob_lower_amt "5"
cl_bobamt_lat "0.1"
cl_bobamt_vert "0.1"

r_drawtracers_firstperson "0"

rate "128000"

cl_crosshair_drawoutline "0"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_maxdist_splitratio "0.35"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitalpha_innermod "1"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitalpha_outermod "0.5"
cl_crosshair_dynamic_splitdist "7"
cl_crosshair_outlinethickness "1"
cl_crosshair_sniper_show_normal_inaccuracy "0"
cl_crosshair_sniper_width "1"
cl_crosshair_t "0"
cl_crosshairalpha "255"
cl_crosshaircolor "5"
cl_crosshaircolor_b "255"
cl_crosshaircolor_g "0"
cl_crosshaircolor_r "255"
cl_crosshairdot "0"
cl_crosshairgap "-6.5"
cl_crosshairgap_useweaponvalue "0"
cl_crosshairscale "0"
cl_crosshairsize "1.5"
cl_crosshairstyle "4"
cl_crosshairthickness "1.5"
cl_crosshairusealpha "1"
cl_fixedcrosshairgap "1000"

//the commands below are from (https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/43nrni/fps_increase_tweak_commands/)
r_drawtracers_firstperson "0"
r_eyegloss "0" 
r_eyemove "0"
r_eyeshift_x "0" 
r_eyeshift_y "0" 
r_eyeshift_z "0" 
r_eyesize "0"
//end of reddit commands


host_writeconfig

echo "Ready to play CSGO!"
echo "v1.2 by Koutsie (@qoutsie)"
echo "https://code.koutsie.eu/"

```
